This project was an idea that I thought of while searching for some movies online to watch. This project is a test project that lets useres download movies that they want to watch, as well as allow users to add and delete movies to the app as well. My project is an app that lets users look at a list of movies and their summary's. I have hard coded this list of movies in a db.json file. I then used fetch to retrieve the data and incorporate it in my app. When the user clicks on the website he is introduced to the app through a welcome page. The user will then click on the enter link to see the list of movies already provided. The user will see a list of movies. In order to look at the summary's, the user has to click the show summary button. To hide the summary after reading it, there is a button right next to the show summary button that will allow the user to hide the summary. The user has the ability to add a movie to the list by clicking the link on the bottom of the page. Clicking this link will navigate the user to a page only showing text bars that will need to by filled with a new movie name and the movies summary. When finished, the user can click the enter button and go back to the list of movies and see the new movie updated on the screen. I achieved this by fetching the data once again but this time I made a POST request to the json server. If the user does not like one of the movies on the list, the user also has the option to delete the movies from the list by pushing the Delete Movie button. After reviewing all the movies and reading their summary's the user can choose the movie that they want to download. There is a link that says Download This Movie. When clicked, it will navigate the user to a page with some simple HTML saying that the movie will be downloaded soon. 
